[espmilighthub] Describe group 0 handling (#10473)
openhab/openhab-addons: bundles/org.openhab.binding.mqtt.espmilighthub/README.md

| 0xB4CA    | 8        | 0xB4CA8  |
| 0xB4CA    | 0        | 0xB4CA0  |

> ## Using the group 0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Using Group 0
```
Headings have each word capitalised. If you accept the change, be sure to add the signoff as the last line.

The group 0 (or ALL group) with the Group ID 0 can be used to control all bulbs that are paired with one specific remote at once.

> While this functionality can also be achieved by using openHAB groups with even greater flexibility the group 0 must be setup if you want to capture remote events for the ALL group to keep physical devices synchronized to their openHAB representations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While this functionality can also be achieved by using openHAB groups with even greater flexibility, the group 0 must be setup if you want to capture physical remote control events for the ALL group, and keep physical devices synchronized to their openHAB representations.
```

Milight remotes send all commands with the Group ID 0 after the master ON/OFF buttons have been used.
If the group 0 has not been setup these events will be lost and your Item states will no longer be synchonized with the actual device states until you issue a command via openHAB.
If you do not use a remote at all or you only control other bulbs than the ones controlled by openHAB you should not need to setup the ALL group.

Since the group 0 is not needed in every case the autodiscovery feature will not detect this group as a Thing automatically.

> To create the group manually proceed as described in section [Important for Textual Configuration](#important-for-textual-configuration) or use the openHAB 3 MainUI for this purpose.

Reviewer: Do not mention a version of openHAB, as when V4 is released this becomes outdated and hard to know it needs updating.

```suggestion
To create the group, use textual files or the openHAB UI to manually add a Thing with the correct Unique ID as described in section [Important for Textual Configuration](#important-for-textual-configuration).
```

> To create a Thing for the group 0 via MainUI simply create a new Thing that has the same type as one of autodiscovered Things of the same remote and modify the ThingUID as described in section linked above (replace the trailing 1-digit number of an autodiscovered ThingUID with a 0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a Thing for the group 0, simply create a new Thing that has the same type as one of the auto discovered Things of the same remote and modify the ThingUID as described in section linked above.
```
